hi youtube friends
today I will talk a little about how to recover
your blurred photos we see a
little by little we have our own photo
obviously there is not a fuzzy one but
now directly this nature the
our true in a bit so much will come
done
then we do publish a
image or against j
or we bring our level here
let's take the diffusion methods
overlay we go into the other filter
at the massage center and from here
we regulate
click on here as you see the photo
real played a little
we then recovered something else
we can also use this function for
give a little sharpness of ours
foto we propose you a photo with the mass
on perfect fire and we do the same
process after I call them overlap
filter 100 steps we don't put of a
fur the ray as you see
does not address our photo is
augmented I hope this tutorial there
both liked it
see you at the next tutorial